Jof bz#1861353 minimalism session feedback (#109)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf.adoc

// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.
[id="configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_{context}"]
= Configuring {OpenStack} overcloud for {Project}

To configure the {OpenStack} overcloud, you must configure the data collection applications and the data transport to {ProjectShort}, and deploy the overcloud.

. <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>
. <<creating-stf-connectors>>
. <<validating-clientside-installation_completing-the-stf-configuration>>

[[retrieving-the-qdr-route-address]]
== Retrieving the {MessageBus} route address

When you configure the {OpenStack} overcloud for {ProjectShort}, you must provide the {MessageBus} route address in the {ProjectShort} connection file.

[discrete]
.Procedure

. Log in to your {OpenShift} ({OpenShiftShort}) environment.
//subs="+quotes"
. Enter `oc get routes` in the `service-telemetry` project:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim"]
----

> oc get routes

Author: @leifmadsen # or & here?

Reviewer: `$` -- suggestion provided

> oc get routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc get routes
```

// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.
[id="configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_{context}"]
= Configuring {OpenStack} overcloud for {Project}

To configure the {OpenStack} overcloud, you must configure the data collection applications and the data transport to {ProjectShort}, and deploy the overcloud.

> 

Reviewer 2: If you want to include the three subsequent references, you need to provide more context around why you are including them. "Unless the reason is clear based on the context, tell readers why you are referring to
other information." -pg 144 of the style guide
For example you could add something like: To configure the {OpenStack} overcloud, complete the following tasks:

Author: Done, thanks you V

. <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>

> . <<creating-stf-connectors>>

Reviewer 2: Your anchor name and title of the topic are different, ideally they should match as closely as possible:
* anchor:  [[creating-stf-connectors]]
* title: == Configuring the {ProjectShort} connection for the overcloud

> . <<validating-clientside-installation_completing-the-stf-configuration>>

Reviewer: I got this. I'm half way done already.

> . <<validating-clientside-installation_completing-the-stf-configuration>>

Reviewer: Created PR https://github.com/infrawatch/documentation/pull/112 which is set to merge to _this_ branch (vs master). Thanks!

[[retrieving-the-qdr-route-address]]
== Retrieving the {MessageBus} route address

When you configure the {OpenStack} overcloud for {ProjectShort}, you must provide the {MessageBus} route address in the {ProjectShort} connection file.

.Procedure

. Log in to your {OpenShift} ({OpenShiftShort}) environment.
//subs="+quotes"
. In the `service-telemetry` project, retrieve the {MessageBus} route address:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="verbatim"]
----
$ oc get routes -ogo-template='{{ range .items }}{{printf "%s\n" .spec.host }}{{ end }}' | grep "\-5671"
stf-default-interconnect-5671-service-telemetry.apps.infra.watch
----
+
[NOTE:]
If your {ProjectShort} installation differs from the documentation, ensure that you retrieve the correct {MessageBus} route address. 

[[creating-stf-connectors]]
== Configuring the {ProjectShort} connection for the overcloud

> To configure the {ProjectShort} connection, you must create a file that contains the connection configuration of the {MessageBus} for the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. Enable the collection of events and storage of the events in {ProjectShort} and deploy the overcloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the {ProjectShort} connection, you must create a file that contains the connection configuration of the {MessageBus} for the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment. In the connection configuration file, enable the collection of events and storage of the events in {ProjectShort} and deploy the overcloud.
```

> [discrete]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Author: @leifmadsen

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Reviewer: This is going to be difficult to make generic because the route names can differ if someone is making custom changes, or doesn't name everything the same.

However, we could use something like this:

```
oc get routes -ogo-template='{{ range .items }}{{printf "%s\n" .spec.host }}{{ end }}' | grep "\-5671"
```

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Reviewer: Here's the command with what the output would look like:

```
$ oc get routes -ogo-template='{{ range .items }}{{printf "%s\n" .spec.host }}{{ end }}' | grep "\-5671"
stf-default-interconnect-5671-service-telemetry.apps.infra.watch

```

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Author: Ok looks like we can scratch this suggestion so, thanks!

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Reviewer: > Ok looks like we can scratch this suggestion so, thanks!

Well I think we could use that command above, it's more that we just need to make clear that if the installation deviates from what we've been doing, someone will need to look for the correct route to point their cluster at.

> Note the value in the `HOST/PORT` column for the `stf-default-interconnect-5671` route.

Author: My bad, just looked at the doc, and the value of HOST/PORT = stf-default-interconnect-5671-service-telemetry.apps.infra.watch. I thought the value was just a number. I'll edit the file and commit.

. Create a configuration file called `stf-connectors.yaml` in the `/home/stack` directory.
+

> IMPORTANT: The Service Telemetry Operator simplifies the deployment of all data ingestion and data storage components for single cloud deployments. To share the data storage domain with multiple clouds, see <<configuring-multiple-clouds_advanced-features>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The Service Telemetry Operator simplifies the deployment of all data ingestion and data storage components for single cloud deployments. For more information about sharing the data storage domain with multiple clouds, see <<configuring-multiple-clouds_advanced-features>>.
```

. In the `stf-connectors.yaml` file, configure the `MetricsQdrConnectors` address to connect the {MessageBus} on the overcloud to the {ProjectShort} deployment.

> * Add the `CeilometerQdrPublishEvents: true` parameter to enable collection and transport of Ceilometer events to {ProjectShort}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To enable collection and transport of Ceilometer events to {ProjectShort}, add the `CeilometerQdrPublishEvents: true` parameter .
```

Reviewer 2: "If you orient the user to the location where the action is performed or explain the purpose of the
action, do so before describing the action." - pg 87 of the style guide

> * Replace the `host` parameter with the value of `HOST/PORT` that you retrieved in <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>:

Reviewer 2: I am not sure that you can create a cross-reference link that is part of sentence. I think your cross-reference link convention should look similar to this (also, I think that using the xref:anchor-name_context-variable-name[] format would be more correct from a mod docs perspective):
```suggestion
* Replace the `host` parameter with the value of `HOST/PORT`  {MessageBus} route address that you retrieved. For more information about retrieving the  {MessageBus} route address, see <<retrieving-the-qdr-route-address>>:
```

      verifyHostname: false
----

> . Add the following files to your {OpenStack} {OpenStackInstaller} deployment to setup collectd and {MessageBus}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the following files to your {OpenStack} {OpenStackInstaller} deployment to set up `collectd` and {MessageBus}:
```

Reviewer 2: s/set up/configure maybe?

+

> * `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* the `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file
```

> * `enable-stf.yaml` file to ensure that the environment is being used during the overcloud deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* the `enable-stf.yaml` file that ensures that the environment is being used during the overcloud deployment
```

> * `ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` file to ensure that Ceilometer telemetry is sent to {ProjectShort}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* the `ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` file that ensures that Ceilometer telemetry is sent to {ProjectShort}
```
